engine: add known issues to 20.10.15 release notes (#14708)
docker/docker.github.io: engine/release-notes/index.md

This release of Docker Engine comes with updated versions of the `compose`,

> `buildx`, `containerd`, and `runc` components, as well as some minor bugfixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`buildx`, `containerd`, and `runc` components, as well as some minor bug fixes.
```

> **Known issues**
> 
> We identified an issue with the [macOS CLI binaries](https://download.docker.com/mac/static/stable/)

> > in the 20.10.15 release. A fix for this issue [has been merged](https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/3592)

Author: Ah, yes, I should do those (I know we haven't been doing for this document, but it's indeed the "correct" way to do it)

> > in the 20.10.15 release. A fix for this issue [has been merged](https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/3592)

Author: As to changing `fix for this issue has been merged` to `fix`; I generally try to make the title of the link slightly longer to help discoverability, and to make it easier to use (`fix` is very short for a link, and especially on mobile devices may be more tricky to "point" at)
